Feedback page (#65)
worldbank/d4di: mkdocs/docs/feedback.md

# Feedback

We encourage feedback and corrections so that we can improve the contents of the book in future editions. Please feel free to provide any type of feedback, no matter how small, as these work together to improve the content overall.

> You can always send us an email with any type of feedback to dimeanlytics@worldbank.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always send us an email with any type of feedback to [dimeanalytics@worldbank.org](mailto:dimeanalytics@worldbank.org)
```

## Errata

> If you are familiar with GitHub, you can create _issues_ with suggestions for improvement at https://www.github.com/worldbank/d4di/issues, or contribute directly by forking the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with GitHub, you can create _issues_ with suggestions for improvement at [https://www.github.com/worldbank/d4di/issues](https://www.github.com/worldbank/d4di/issues), or contribute directly by forking the repository.
```
